do you know what makes a real hero it's
not the costumes the gadgets the cool
powers it's having your own movie and
that has always been my dream
what are you doing just giving the
people at the wall it's not about
wandering woman it's about us the Teen
Titan no one wants to see us full Wonder
Woman inspires people and we do not yes
Wonder Woman is great but I thought
Wonder Woman narrator guy just do your
thing when the creators of Teen Titans
go it's about the courage it's about
action
it's the superhero movie to end all
superhero movies
hopefully wasn't a fart that was just
air leaving my butt which is a fart Teen
Titans go to the movies because if
Aquaman can get a movie anyone can
[Music]
ah I think we lost him
I'm Batman Batman Returns Batman Forever
there is no stopping the Batman every
superhero is born from a tragic
life-changing event
I propose we travel through time and
stop those tragic events from taking
place Robin this is the let's do some
time-traveling yo to the time cycles
Azarath metrion zinthos
[Music]
are you ready let's go back to the
future I mean the past
[Music]
engage
that's not good at all
honey I'm sorry look pretty much all day
[Music]
hold it right there yeah shooting a baby
into space what kind of people are you
but we have no choice the crystals are
not harmonized the planet is collapsing
I've tried all total combination fool if
you want to save the planet you gots to
play the right music yeah let us show
you how it's done
[Music]
yes that's how we do it yeah now let's
go stop some more superhero origins
[Applause]
[Music]
golly thanks for taking me to the movies
in this dangerous neighborhood dad
oh stop you can't go down there
that is crab alley you dumb dog we made
it we're back in the present and there
are no more superheroes the petroleum
crystal the perfect plot device
[Music]
stop right there
Deadpool Deadpool what I'm not cool
I thought Deadpool was a good guy why
does everybody think of Deadpool you got
them guns and the swords
yeah well lots of people have guns in
swords okay now I'm pretty sure your
Deadpool look into the camera and say
something inappropriate I am the
greatest most feared most Newberry's
ultimate supervillain the world has ever
seen
in this summer
they're finally going to make a movie
about me bail good the movie they're
doing a movie about the butler before
robbing every other superhero has had
their own movie and it is time for the
Teen Titans to have theirs so they go to
Hollywood to make it happen
Jade is a Hollywood director and she
meets the Teen Titans who are interested
in a superhero film it's time they make
one about me I'm afraid if no I only
make movies about real superheroes
having a movie is the only way to be
seen as a real hero what about an
arch-nemesis Slade is the number one
enemy of the Teen Titans I'm the
greatest most ultimate super villain the
world has ever seen
can we say it's late even saying Slade
makes you scared and in this film is
looking to dominate the world will be
under my control and it's up to the
Titans to stop it for that we're taking
you down Titans go comedy ensues and
it's very silly and very funny and it's
just another big crazy fart fact
Adventure
wasn't a fart that was just air leaving
my butt which is a fart normally it's
just us doing a myriad of voices that
was amazing what you call comedy gold
ladies and gentlemen but now we get Will
Arnett at Kristen Bell Nicolas Cage
it's like prom but thousand times huge
this guy don't know who he is then I
think it's time we tell Teen Titans go
the serious is like the rainbow Teen
Titans go to the movies it's like a pot
of gold at the end of the rainbow as far
as it coming out July 27th that's ideal
because it's hot movie theaters are
air-conditioned so I think you should go
many times nine times in fact that's
really all I'm asking
villains we're bigger we just made a
movie
[Music]
who are you this guy don't know who he
is
oh really then I think it's time we tell
[Music]
cause the murder range boasts that pain
steady doing his bank robber loving and
leader
it's the law
[Music]
right minutes and jumps on you even hard
there's a dark in the sheet
[Music]
teen titans go to the movies dearest
July 27 coming this summer
[Applause]
to make a movie about me the story of
Batman's greatest airline sweet that
must be me and best friend in the whole
world
the movie is time to clean up this city
that actually does look pretty good
they're really making movies about every
superhero has there been a movie about
you it was a Green Lantern movie but we
don't we don't talk about that it's time
they make one about me I'm afraid it's
no I only make movies about real
superheroes why don't they take us
seriously Titans you guys are never
actually doing anything heroic wasn't
even a crime and you didn't save
anything we save design having a movie
is the only way to be seen as a real
hero what about an arch-nemesis
stop right there
Deadpool Deadpool what why does
everybody think of Deadpool
I thought Deadpool was a good guy by the
way he should be saying that he's not me
like way before he did
[Music]
Plus me we're taking you down how are
you gonna do it we need a fart on me
whatever dance-off
you're gonna annoy me to death with your
waffles
you